### ğŸ§¾ Meeting â€” October 9, 2025 (with McGough & Middle Manager)
**Time:** 11:00 AM  
**Location:** McGough Office 
**Attendees:** McGough Â· Middle Manager Â· Design Team
**Audio:** Recording 26.wav (OneNote Transcription)

---

#### ğŸ—’ï¸ Overview
Discussion on Qt5 GUI prototype, GUIâ†”backend architecture, IP/licensing posture, sprint-based schedule (PDR/CDR), roles, and a verification-driven testing plan for educational use.

---

#### ğŸ§© Technical Highlights
- **Prototype:** Qt5 GUI wireframe (~75â€“85% design); SVG symbols (scalable), component palette; next up: keep wires attached during drag/move.
- **I/O Format:** JSON everywhere (imports/exports, diagnostics) for readability, hashing, and easy test artifacts.
- **Backend Link:** Netlist parser to connect GUI with Ngspice; results/plots UI area TBD.
- **Diagnostics:** Keep an optional â€œshow diagnosticsâ€ toggle for TAs/research; useful later.
- **AI Usage:** Claude/Copilot/ChatGPT as co-design aids; evaluate which to standardize on.

---

#### âš™ï¸ Architecture / Design Notes
- Separate GUI and simulation concerns; consider sockets/Cython or similar for comms.
- Favor vanilla toolkit patterns to avoid brittle custom UI code.
- Prioritize clarity over performance (itâ€™s an educational tool).
- Document design patterns, data types, and comms paths (not just GUI mockups).

---

#### ğŸ“… Timeline & Process
| Phase | Window | Notes |
|:--|:--|:--|
| Design & Prototyping | Now â†’ End of Nov | Iterative UI + backend spikes; decide comms & data model |
| PDR | Earlyâ€“Mid Nov | Present/compare options; down-select GUI & architecture |
| CDR | ~Finals Week (Dec) | Final design + demo; date flexes around exam load |
| Spring 2026 | Next Term | Testing, refinement, potential digital-logic expansion |

- **Process:** 2-week sprints, visible backlog, burndown tracking (agile flavor over strict waterfall).

---

#### ğŸ‘¥ Roles & Assignments
| Area                      | Owner                     | Notes                                   |
| :------------------------ | :------------------------ | :-------------------------------------- |
| Backend parser & JSON I/O | Jeremy                    | Link GUIâ†”Ngspice; architecture docs     |
| GUI / Qt5                 | John                      | Palette UX, drag-drop, node wiring      |
| Documentation (Obsidian)  | Marc, Micah, John, Jeremy | Structured notes, diagrams, issue links |
| Testing / Netlist sets    | Micah + Marc              | Build 25â€“50 circuits w/ expected values |

---

#### ğŸ§  Verification Plan (V&V)
- Build a **catalog of 25â€“50 circuits** with expected node V/I:
  - Resistor arrays (series/parallel, Y/Î”, multi-source)
  - First/second-order RLC filters
  - Diode bridge + filter (basic PSU)
  - Basic transistor/diode behaviors
- Later: pulse sources, 555 timer, flip-flops/FSMs (version 2 scope).
- Compare against LTspice/Ngspice outputs for ground-truth.

---

#### ğŸ’¡ Discussion Highlights
- Consider text/image toggles and hierarchical menus in the palette (avoid clutter).
- Keep dev **closed-source during the project**; shared student IP; decide license in April 2026.
- If advisor contributes code/funding, Board of Regents IP implicationsâ€”keep advisor as client only.
- Potential university coverage for Claude seats; verify before committing.

---

#### âœ… Action Items
- [ ] Update **MOU**: closed-source during development; shared IP; license decision in April.
- [ ] Collect/sign Charter & MOU; coordinate **morning pickup** (target ~9â€“10 AM).
- [ ] Share updated screenshots + JSON schema with team.
- [ ] Expand test netlists (target 25â€“50) incl. expected results.
- [ ] Update Charter timeline (sprints; PDR earlyâ€“mid Nov; CDR near finals).
- [ ] Marc to email Dr. Montoya / Dr. Pyatt re: 10-min class mini-talk on software design flow.

---

#### ğŸ“ Contact (for Charter)
**McGough:** office phone provided during meeting (recorded in Charter)
**Phone:** (605) 394-2727 
---
